CS411 Team Assignment - User Stories
Group: A2-7
Team Members: Sophia Hon, Briana Mayes, Robert Xu, Lauren DiSalvo
https://github.com/sophiahon/CS411-A2-7-Project


User story 1
As a logged-in user (see user login story), I want to be able to see all concerts and music-related events from Eventbrite/Facebook based on music I listen to on Spotify in a chronological timeline on the main page so that I will know when the next event is taking place. I also want to be able to see the distance/location of each event. If something goes wrong, the event information will not be updated and I won’t be able to view all upcoming events.


User story 2
As a logged-in user (see user login story), I want to see my top 5 artists at the top of the main page so I can click to see their concert information from Eventbrite/Facebook. If I do not have a top 5 artists, I will see my top X number of artists at the top of the main page. If I do not have any number of top artists, I will only see the endless scroll of all of my Spotify artists’ upcoming concert dates and other music-related events (see User story 1). 


User story 3
As a logged-in user (see user login story), I want to be able to click on the Profile tab and be directed to the Profile page. Once on the Profile page, which lists every artist I listen to and some related artists (see User story 4), I will select the specific artist whose concert information I am seeking and there will be a pop-up window with that concert information sorted by chronological order with distance/location shown. If I do not select a specific artist, then I will just be viewing my Profile page.  


User story 4
As a logged-in user (see user login story), on the Profile page, I want a list of related artists based on who I already listen to so I can explore new music. I will select the specific artist whose concert information I am seeking and there will be a pop-up window with that concert information sorted by chronological order with distance/location shown. If I do not select a specific artist, then I will just be viewing my Profile page.


User login story
I want to be able to log into my Spotify account as third-party authentication to retrieve my user data. If everything goes correctly, I will be logged in and can access the web application. Otherwise, I will see an error message asking me to try again.